Feature/init (#1)
qbeyond/terraform-azurerm-vm-monitoring: README.md

# VM Monitoring
[![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/qbeyond/terraform-azurerm-vm-monitoring.svg)](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/qbeyond/vm-monitoring/azurerm/latest)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/qbeyond/terraform-azurerm-vm-monitoring.svg)](https://github.com/qbeyond/terraform-azurerm-vm-monitoring/blob/main/LICENSE)

----

> This is a module for creating monitoring rules ontop of a central log analytics workspace. the Query rules and output are compatible with q.beoynds event pipeline for central monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a module for creating monitoring rules on top of a central log analytics workspace. the query rules and output are compatible with the event pipeline for central monitoring of q.beyond AG.
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Usage

> It's very easy to use!

Reviewer: Please provide a helpfull description

# VM Monitoring
[![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/qbeyond/terraform-azurerm-vm-monitoring.svg)](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/qbeyond/vm-monitoring/azurerm/latest)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/qbeyond/terraform-azurerm-vm-monitoring.svg)](https://github.com/qbeyond/terraform-azurerm-vm-monitoring/blob/main/LICENSE)

----

This is a module for creating monitoring rules on top of a central log analytics workspace. the query rules and output are compatible with the event pipeline for central monitoring of q.beyond AG.

> WARNING: This module will not work on previously soft deleted LAWs. Either choose a new name or wait for soft deleteion to expire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This module will not if LAW with same name is in soft delete state.* You can use a new name or [force delete](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/logs/delete-workspace#permanent-workspace-delete). 
```

Reviewer 2: The suggestion is missing a "work" after not
This module will not (work) [...]
